c:\users\win.wu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationHomework\WebApplicationHomework\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\win.wu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationHomework\WebApplicationHomework\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\win.wu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationHomework\WebApplicationHomework\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\win.wu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationHomework\WebApplicationHomework\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\win.wu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationHomework\WebApplicationHomework\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\win.wu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationHomework\WebApplicationHomework\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\win.wu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationHomework\WebApplicationHomework\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\win.wu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationHomework\WebApplicationHomework\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\win.wu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationHomework\WebApplicationHomework\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\win.wu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationHomework\WebApplicationHomework\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\win.wu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationHomework\WebApplicationHomework\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\win.wu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationHomework\WebApplicationHomework\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\win.wu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationHomework\WebApplicationHomework\bin\WebApplicationHomework.dll.config
c:\users\win.wu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationHomework\WebApplicationHomework\bin\WebApplicationHomework.dll
c:\users\win.wu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationHomework\WebApplicationHomework\bin\WebApplicationHomework.pdb
c:\users\win.wu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationHomework\WebApplicationHomework\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\win.wu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationHomework\WebApplicationHomework\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\win.wu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationHomework\WebApplicationHomework\obj\Debug\WebApplicationHomework.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\win.wu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationHomework\WebApplicationHomework\obj\Debug\WebApplicationHomework.dll
c:\users\win.wu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationHomework\WebApplicationHomework\obj\Debug\WebApplicationHomework.pdb
Z:\project\my-homework\WebApplicationHomework\obj\Debug\WebApplicationHomework.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
Z:\project\my-homework\WebApplicationHomework\obj\Debug\WebApplicationHomework.dll
Z:\project\my-homework\WebApplicationHomework\obj\Debug\WebApplicationHomework.pdb
Z:\project\my-homework\WebApplicationHomework\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
Z:\project\my-homework\WebApplicationHomework\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
Z:\project\my-homework\WebApplicationHomework\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
Z:\project\my-homework\WebApplicationHomework\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
Z:\project\my-homework\WebApplicationHomework\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
Z:\project\my-homework\WebApplicationHomework\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
Z:\project\my-homework\WebApplicationHomework\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
Z:\project\my-homework\WebApplicationHomework\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
Z:\project\my-homework\WebApplicationHomework\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
Z:\project\my-homework\WebApplicationHomework\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
Z:\project\my-homework\WebApplicationHomework\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
Z:\project\my-homework\WebApplicationHomework\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
Z:\project\my-homework\WebApplicationHomework\bin\WebApplicationHomework.dll.config
Z:\project\my-homework\WebApplicationHomework\bin\WebApplicationHomework.dll
Z:\project\my-homework\WebApplicationHomework\bin\WebApplicationHomework.pdb
Z:\project\my-homework\WebApplicationHomework\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
Z:\project\my-homework\WebApplicationHomework\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
